walking with dinosaurs a prehistoric
phenomenon the most astonishing
recreation of an ancient world ever seen
on the screen
using the latest dinosaur science
computer graphics wizardry and the
coolest models you could imagine walking
with dinosaurs transported viewers back
in time it explored over 150 million
years of prehistory traveled right
across the ancient planet Earth
visited wild places that no longer exist
and of course it introduced us to
dinosaurs
dinosaurs that behaved like real animals
they showed us the gruesome reality of
family life
how they try to outwit predators and
failed had babies and made babies the
real lives of dinosaurs has never seen
before
it was awesome
700 million of you felt the same and
watched the series walking with
dinosaurs prehistory now